[MUSIC]
Module one is where we start to
talk about the Raspberry Pi and
connecting it to the Internet.
Now, we're talking about, in this module,
we just talked about connecting it to
the Internet in a sort of a user way,
not a programmatic way.
So, by this I mean, connecting to
the Internet and using it as if you were
sitting it down at a laptop or desktop,
and use the computer in that way.
So you got to, that's a different,
a very different interface
then if you're a programmer.
Right, we'll get to programming later, or
we'll start at the end, but right now,
we're just going to say, hey, look,
how do I connect this to the Internet?
How do I make sure that
it gets an IP address?
And address, how does it join the network?
And then once it join the network then
I can run web browser, email server,
whatever I want to run,
I can run network applications, but
we're just going to talk about how
to connect it on to the network.
We'll talk about wired and
wireless network.
Then we'll start talking about the
Internet in general, how the addressing
works, because eventually we have to move
to programming the network connection.
Rather using it as a user, we want to
write code that connects the network and
access the network.
So we start getting into that
by the end of this module and
describing the protocols for that and
how programmatically you
would start controlling it.
So we have to talk a little bit about
IP addressing and port addressing so
that we know about that, so that we
can write code that deals with that.
Thank you.
[MUSIC]